Use an image digest to enforce container image determinism (#1116)
freedomofpress/dangerzone: docs/developer/reproducibility.md

Here are the necessary variables that make up our image in the `Dockerfile.env`
file:

> * `DEBIAN_IMAGE_DATE`: The date that the Debian container image was released
> * `DEBIAN_IMAGE_DIGEST`: The date that the Debian container image was released

Reviewer: I think you meant to write something like this, right?

```suggestion
* `DEBIAN_IMAGE_DIGEST`: The SHA-256 checksum of the Debian container image
```

Author: heh, yep! good ol' copypasta. this is resolved in the latest push.
